---
layout: post
title: AS5 Undo Hints
---  

# Color Picker: is always red at start of app. Thumb should always reflect current color.

## DO NOT PASS COLORPICKER INSIDE TOGGLE MENU!

*There is already an AbstractColorPickerView in the given files.*

Color picker can be placed anywhere as long as the whole thing is inside the screen :) Also, color picker should CLOSE if user presses inside the wheel and releases anywhere

## All visible buttons should be grayed out/not usable immediately after clicking color_fab (leave color fab enabled)

After clicking color_fab and your picker shows up, then user clicks totally outside wheel, it is ok to close the window or not close it, doesn't matter.

______________

# onSomethingSelected methods

	```java
	addCollapsableMenu(R.layout.whatever... this::onSomethingSelected) // do this in order to be able to execute code inside the onSomethingSelected method
	
	// do this EVEN FOR the color_fab even tho it's no longer a "collapsable menu", most important part is "this::on[Something]Selected"
	```

______________

# Part 4 ideas

Clearing the whole screen, dashed/dotted lines when drawing, emoji drawn along path, fill entire canvas with color...etc.
*Suggestion: use the existing undo and redo classes*

______________

# Reflection:

## Be sure to group your data based on "like" issues, not based on who sent them to you.
	- include specific steps you would take to solve the issues you found with the default Undo app.
	- can suggest new heuristics for the "how well do the heuristics fit"?

______________

# Others Hints 

## From Lecture Winter 2020: 

	```java
	// RrvDrawActivity: Contains ALL buttons
	// Rvdrawingact: Implements a class that allows you to undo the redo, allows u to commit actions, calls
	// AbstractDrActvity: No history, adding menus

	// DrawingView: Keeps track of stroke views
		// has onTouchEvent with Pps state machine
	
	// Possible to implement action: Emojis, dotted lines... THERE IS A WORKSHEET, SEE WEBSITE FOR PDF DOWNLOAD!!!
	```

## From Lecture Spring 2020 (5/22):

*Review*: all systems have at least 3 models (Design/what you thought the system should do, System Image: your implementation, User Model/How the user thinks the system works)
